development-strategy.md, before:

# Development Strategy


| _Step Name_ | User Story | Changes in HTML | Changes in CSS |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Step 1: Setup the working folder and git | First things first! set up all the folders needed and the git repository to sync | An empty template project with `doctype`, language, charset, `head` & `body` | an empty file |
| Step 2: Creating the home page layout | A web home page must offer a navigation menu with links to the other parts of the site, also a brief overview of what is the purpose of the website, a basic layout to place the different chunks of information and last a footer with more information about the author(s) | Added HTML5 semantics tags for building the containers organizing the information efficiently | No changes to this file |
| Step 3: Starting CSS stylesheet | The web page header must present the information without screen size limits, it must be "responsive layout" that can adjust itself no matter the screen size of the device use to access the web page | No changes to this file | Included global body CSS style, header CCS style code to adjust the size and position of the containers not depending on the screen size |

Commit message:

Added the showcase, newsletter, services boxes and footer
CSS code for the showcase, newsletter, service boxes and footer. Home page finished, development-strategy.md updated with step 4

development-strategy.md, after:

# Development Strategy


| _Step Name_ | User Story | Changes in HTML | Changes in CSS |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Step 1: Setup the working folder and git | First things first! set up all the folders needed and the git repository to sync | An empty template project with `doctype`, language, charset, `head` & `body` | an empty file |
| Step 2: Creating the home page layout | A web home page must offer a navigation menu with links to the other parts of the site, also a brief overview of what is the purpose of the website, a basic layout to place the different chunks of information and last a footer with more information about the author(s) | Added HTML5 semantics tags for building the containers organizing the information efficiently | No changes to this file |
| Step 3: Starting CSS stylesheet | The webpage header must present the information without screen size limits, it must be "responsive layout" that can adjust itself no matter the screen size of the device use to access the web page | No changes to this file | Included global body CSS style, header CCS style code to adjust the size and position of the containers not depending on the screen size |
| Step 4: Adding style to the home page | All the containers in the layout have their properties defined. | No changes to this file | Arranged the containers for the showcase and newsletter section, also the code for the boxes describing the services and finally the footer to finish our home page |
